DATE: 4/10

 yeah okay great so are you ready okay you're ready okay great so did you  have dinner a little because I'm a little busy today you're a little busy today  so you only had a little snack you didn't eat much you had a snack  yeah not snack but snack yeah snack yes so you had you only had snack you didn't  have a you didn't have dinner because I'm not hungry oh you're not hungry okay so  how are you today you're busy I went to went to went to yes I went to a  traditional traditional Chinese medicine doctor okay so you went to the Chinese  doctor Chinese traditional Chinese doctor yes you can just say Chinese doctor  of Chinese doctor okay yeah yeah you can just say Chinese doctor okay okay yes  Chinese doctor okay yeah just Chinese doctor is fine okay and in the morning in the  morning because the people is very people very rare are many people hospital when I  went it so long you waited for so before I went for so long but you have to say I  waited I waited I waited because you you waited in the past so you have to say I  waited I waited so long waiting so long waiting so long I need to add four yeah like you're  waiting for something you waited for so long so long so long how long two hours one hour oh no no no no  hold the whole morning I am in the hospital oh no and I I also wait for wait for medicine  mm-hmm so wait wait for the I journalist doctor and when I when I finish it I finish it  when you finish finish finish it to see a doctor  uh what I yeah when you finish I will doctor I need to wait it I need to wait wait  all have wait for medicine mm so so this is a very very long yeah that's a very long time I  long took a very long time mm-hmm because I need to go to I need to go to the medicine the  uh my my my my my my my my dish my my my meditation class I take my meditation class  meditation I need to I need to go to a place like where where I take medicine to be well to you  to be well to you so oh okay so you you have to I need to I need to I need to be well to you  and okay you uh I'll guide you uh in the afternoon so I'm very so we agreed um oh okay so you said  you need to go to the meditation class uh my manager to be to be well to be a  volunteer yeah not not to tell me I see okay okay and so you were in a hurry I'm all I was in a  hurry in a hurry I am or I was I was in a hurry very good yes I was in a hurry I was in a hurry  yes in in a hurry yes yes in a hurry okay yeah so I so the previous sentence you can say I  need I needed to yeah go to the wait I needed it um well you can say I I I was I was in a hurry to  uh go to the meditation class to be a volunteer ah you can put you can put the  in a hurry to go to the meditation oh I'm not sorry sorry no no no no no meditation meditation meditation  meditation or tea yes tea not see oh meditation oh yes so a meditation class should be a volunteer  yes yeah yeah so I'm uh I'm  I'm very tired I'm very tired I I uh I uh I'm be late oh you were late  uh a little a little okay I you can say I was a little I was a little late  um ah I was a little late late late a little late  wow so today is a very busy day for you yeah yeah your schedule is very full  full very full very full very full yeah oh very full like because so for example  we have our maybe we have our schedule right like okay oh  oh you can do it in a clock to nine o'clock and everything is so full yeah you have you have  your schedule very full yeah you can say yeah my schedule was  my schedule was very full oh my schedule today today yes I don't know I don't know I need to  stay at hospitals so long yeah I did yeah you can say I didn't know I didn't know I needed to stay  ah in the hospital for so like this I didn't know I needed to stay in the hospital for so long  oh for so long oh I didn't know I needed to stay in hospital for so long or so long  oh so long yeah yeah and what time did you get home  good home ah even  um  and pian six six thirty pian six thirty pian yeah so late yeah did you cook  no no okay okay okay today I was worried I was like so too busy  okay uh if I need to cook yeah you will go crazy crazy yeah so um so did your  did your husband buy buy something for you to eat or did you buy something  uh morning and he buy something he buy he bought he bought something to eat for  himself because because I uh I get home late hmm and I need to when to I need to go to  to be valued to you oh okay okay are you so are you hungry now or you're not hungry no no no  because I eat out I eat out uh you ate at the meditation press I eat out oh yeah I eat out  I eat out in the evening in the evening oh okay okay that's good that's good and yeah so  that sounds like a very busy day for you and how was your tomb sweeping day  that was your tomb sweeping holiday sweeping sweeping sweeping sweeping how was the tall  tomb tomb um yes I don't know too you want to get was what is a tomb so normally a tomb looks like this  tomb yeah tomb  this is a tomb and and and they will put incense here tomb sweeping this is a tomb  yes this is a tomb in Ling you once you're in Ling wow okay  okay to uh tomb some this is a yeah this is a tomb  uh tomb is a like move move yeah move job tomb  okay and sweeping means you take a broom to clean  take a broom a broom ah to sweep this is sweeping  home at home tomb tomb sweeping day  turn sweep sweeping hard harder yeah because it was a holiday right  holiday no hard it was a holiday okay turns sweeping sweeping sweeping sweeping yeah sweeping  you use a broom turning do you know what is a broom  wrong broom yeah this is a broom  broom uh oh yeah sorry my my drawing is very bad  this is a broom broom itself yeah yeah yeah can you tell okay okay yeah  take a broom to clean the tomb yes to clean the tomb yes  uh take or put take a broom to uh a  a ring well you can say use the broom use uh use a broom  use a broom yes use a broom to clean uh tomb yeah yeah to clean or to sweep  the tomb we uh sweep is like a saw okay oh okay and so just to let you know  so normally Qingming Jie is called tomb sweeping harder no so I need to  clear sweep sweeping so Qingming Jie is called sweep sweeping day  oh to sweep in day no no say to sweep in uh fast festival festival no we don't use festival  because festival is for something that is very fine okay um yes so we we don't say to sweep  in festival we say tomb sweeping day yes it's more serious because we are trying to remember  our ancestors right yeah okay and but the reason why I used the word holiday  is because is because um we had in Taiwan you had four days  four days right so yeah it's like it's a continuous um day off so I call it a holiday  like this is like Qingming Lian Jie but if we're talking about Qingming Jie  then it's tomb sweeping day oh tomb sweeping day yeah so the reason why I used this word is because  this is a Lian Jie and I thought maybe you and your family maybe you went out you did something  together when that's what I used to do when no I went don't you want to do you know I don't talk  yeah my country countryside the country yeah the country side country country  country side or you can say the suburbs  supper yeah suburbs oh uh uh uh  jia Xiang uh um hometown hometown yeah hometown yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah  I went to my home town to the tomb sweeping.  Oh, okay.  You can say to sweep.  Sweep.  Or you can say to clean or to clean.  To sweep.  Sweep.  Sweep.  Sweep.  To sweep.  But you can actually say clean.  I want to say.  Sweep.  Sweep.  New word.  Sweep.  But actually, I think clean is a more general word.  Remember what the general.  General.  General.  It's a more general word.  Yeah, because when you are,  you are cleaning the tomb.  You don't only sweep.  You also take out the grass.  You also clean the tomb.  Right.  And to put some paper.  Yeah, you also put the paper on the tomb.  And you also put,  but you also give offerings, right?  Offerings.  Offerings.  Offerings.  Offerings are, for example,  the chicken,  the fruits,  the paper money.  Offerings.  Like paper money,  chicken,  five, five,  all.  Paper money.  Paper money.  Paper money.  Paper money.  It's called paper money.  Yeah, it's okay.  Yeah, because so it's like straight translation from 之前.  Like I know in Chinese,  we say,  but like it's also.  So they just translated as paper money.  Paper money.  Paper money.  When we play  the paper money,  the paper money.  Well,  yeah, you can say they,  well,  I think normally we would say like fake money.  Instead of paper money.  Oh.  Yeah, because paper money is more like things.  Okay, paper money.  Yeah.  So Chinese,  like,  don't  do  to swing, swing, swing, sweep,  sweep, sweep.  E is E is E.  Swing, sweep, sweep.  Yeah, very good, very good sweep.  In Chinese.  In China.  They don't,  they don't do.  Korean swing,  they do, they do,  they do the sweep and  the tone swing.  They clean their tunes too.  Like Korean tone.  They do, they do.  I do.  Oh.  Yeah, some, some.  But I think  I think not many people  not many families have a tune.  I think they usually put it in like the building.  A building?  Yeah.  Yeah, I think they put it in like.  My father put the building.  But my mother  put the building in a tune.  In a tune.  Ah, I see.  So I'm not really sure how we call it.  I think it's called.  Okay, so you can say it's a,  it's a tower.  Tower.  Yeah, the memorial tower.  Yeah, because it's like, it's time, right?  Power.  Yeah.  So you can say memorial tower.  Let me, let me type it.  Memorial Tower, memorial.  Memorial, memorial.  Memorial, memorial, memorial.  Memorial, memorial, memorial.  Yeah, it's, M.E. is.  Memory, memory.  Yeah, it's, it's from memory.  from memory, it's the, yeah, it's from memory, so, yeah, memory, oh, memory, oh, oh, memory, oh, yeah, memory, it means like we're trying to remember these people, right, oh, yeah, so like it's a memorial tower,  memorial tower, yeah, tower tower is like, it's top, yeah, tower tower, memorial tower, yeah, okay, yeah, but I feel like a lot of my friends, they, they don't really go to them sweeping, I think it's more in  Fujian, I think, I think this, this, well, oh, sorry, so I don't really have friends, I don't really see friends going to them sweeping, but I did hear that in Fujian, but also in Fujian, they go, they go to them sweeping,  but I didn't see, I didn't see, maybe, Fujian, yeah, I heard that people here in Suzhou or in Shanghai, they also, they also go to them sweeping,  they also go to sweeping, they also go to sweeping, they also go to sweeping,  go to sweeping, go to sweeping, go to sweeping, go to sweeping, I wrote it in the chat,  go to sweep, go to sweep, go to sweep, sweep, okay, yeah, because you can understand tomb sweeping as salmo, so tomb sweeping is salmo and  tomb sweeping, just have a true salmo, sorry, true, just a goal, so there's a goal to sweeping, you can say that, so for example, you can say, yeah, I heard, I hear, yeah, so I told you, yeah, this is very similar to tomb,  tomb sweeping, tomb sweeping, tomb sweeping, tomb sweeping, yeah, it's very, very similar, I have another student who is in 5th grade, he told me, he was like sleeping,  sleeping, sleeping day, I'm like, no, it's not sleeping day, it's sweeping day, he said it's sweeping day, yeah, he said it's sweeping day,  I know, and yeah, so for example, you could say, I went back to Unlin, to go to sweeping,  yeah, I can say I went back to Unlin, to go to, to go to Unlin, I went back to Unlin, to go to sweeping,  to go to, ah, go to, go to sweep, yeah, tomb sweeping, go to sweeping, yeah, sweeping, yeah, sweeping, okay, now to go to, I went back to Unlin, to go to sweeping, I don't know, not to go to sweeping,  go to sweeping, to sweep, yeah, okay, yes, very good, all right, okay, so remember, we talked about last week,  yeah, okay, so where are you going this week, you're going to push for this week, right?  Cantonese, Cantonese, l'ansang, yeah, Cantonese, yes  No, 7 countenance.  Very good. Yes.  So where are you going next week?  This week, this week.  This week?  Yeah.  Something.  Where are you going?  You're going to Europe.  Yes, you're going to Europe.  Very good.  Okay, and so which country do you live in now?  Country.  Yeah, country, country.  Country.  I live in Taiwan.  Very good.  Okay.  What continent is it in?  It is in Asia.  Very good.  Asia.  Asia.  Asia.  Yes, Asia.  Very good.  Okay.  Do you have friends or family who live far away in a different time zone?  Do you know what is time zone?  Is it true?  Yes, exactly.  Time zones.  These are the time zones, right?  Yeah.  Yeah, so this week, you will be in, I think, this time zone, right?  I think you already believe in.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah, you will be in a different time zone.  Yeah.  Okay.  Even in time zone.  Yeah.  Time zone.  Yeah, time zone.  Zone.  Zone.  Time zone.  Yeah.  Time zone.  No, no, no.  No.  Time zone.  Time zone.  Yes.  Zone.  Zone.  Zone.  Ah.  It's difficult.  Zone.  Yeah.  Zone.  Don't close your mouth.  Don't say zone.  No.  Zone.  Zone.  Zone.  No.  Yeah.  Zone.  No.  No.  No.  No, no, no.  Yeah.  Zone.  Zone.  Ah.  Zone.  Zone.  Mm-hmm.  Much better.  Much better.  Yes.  Zone.  Yeah.  Zone.  Zone.  Zone.  Much better.  Yes.  Because it's not M.  So don't say time zone.  Time zone.  Don't close your mouth.  Don't close your mouth.  Don't, don't, um, don't make your mouth shut.  Don't, don't end like.  No.  Uh.  End with.  Time.  Time.  Time.  Time.  Time.  Time.  Zone.  Yeah.  Zone.  No.  No.  Yeah.  Much better.  Yes.  Yes.  Very good.  No.  Okay.  Yeah.  So because.  So just, just to let you know about, you know, because you're going abroad.  Just to let you know what it's called.  Okay.  So that's it.  All right.  So next.  Do you enjoy going to museums?  Uh.  Museum.  Um.  Different museums have.  Deep spread.  Uh.  View.  Different things.  Different exhibitions.  Different things.  Different exhibitions.  Different things.  Different.  Yes.  Not all museums.  I don't.  Uh.  I don't like all museums.  Okay.  What's.  What's your.  What kind of museum would you go to?  Art.  Science.  History.  What kind of museum.  Do you like.  Science.  Art.  I like art.  Art.  You like art.  Yeah.  I don't like all the museums.  Okay.  What's.  What's your.  What kind of museum.  Would you go to?  Art.  Science.  History.  What kind of museum.  Do you like.  Science.  Art.  I don't know.  Well, well, you go to museums.  I don't know what art.  Oh.  Art.  Yes.  Art.  It's good.  But.  When I go to the.  When.  When I go to museums in.  Art.  I don't know.  When I go to museums in.  Art.  And we need to.  And we need to.  And we need to.  Take.  Take.  Take.  Take.  Take.  Take.  Take.  Take.  Take.  to see the heart, to enjoy the art and some art, some art direction, I can, I don't know  what to say. Direction, direction, instruction, instructions. Oh, okay, descriptions.  Is the question, description, description, description. Yeah, you can say descriptions or  introductions. Introduction, introduction. Yeah. So the difference between  introduce, like these two are very similar, but descriptions is like, had a miao Shu.  Oh, and introductions are, is, but like, you can call it both, both is okay. Okay, instruction.  Yeah. Introductions. Introduction. Yeah, instructions. Instructions. Instructions means introduction.  Oh, yeah, instruction. Yeah. Instruction. So instruction. Yeah.  Introduction. This is introduction. Okay. Introduction. Yeah, these two, the ones that I gave a thumbs up to,  these two are for what you were saying. And instructions is something else.  Oh, something else. Yeah. Instructions is, they tell you what to do. Like, okay, you need to go here  and then go there. That's an instruction. Oh, instruction. But introduction and description is  telling you what is this? Ah, this is a, this is a painting from 18. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.  That is introduction and description. Instruction. Introduction. Introduction. Introduction. Okay.  Introduction. Okay. And next, almost I went to the, the buildings, the museum buildings.  So you will, you will go or go to some museums to see their buildings building.  Oh, you will just, you will, we see the building. We will not go into it. Or wrong, or wrong, the building.  Just one or two museums. We, we were, we were, uh, basically go inside, go inside to, yeah, or you can  say visit. Yeah, you can say visit. Oh, visit, visit. Yeah. Very good. Okay. Number two, question number  two. What types of exhibitions? Exhibitions. Ex exhibitions. Ex, ex, ex, so okay. Just a second.  Let me make it easy for you. So the age doesn't make a sound. Okay. No sound. No sound. Oh. Okay.  Ex, ex, ex,кая, ex, ex, ex, ex, ex, ex, ex, ex, ex, uphill, gé stretch, shoenficion, option.  Ex, exhibition. Ex, revised, ex, ex, ex, exhibition. Ex, exhibition. Yeah. Exhibition. Exhibition, ex,  Exhibition. Exhibition. Exhibition. Exhibition. Exhibition. Exhibition. Exhibition. Exhibition.  Yes. Okay. What is an exhibition? Exhibition is a large, organized event showing many exhibits together.  It's a, it's a sign line. Okay. And exhibit is Zamping. One object.  Or one small exhibition. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhibit. Exhib  meanings. Okay. Nong and the verb. Yes, it has a noun and a verb and for a noun exhibit  that means the object, the thing. Or the thing. Okay. But it's big, big, big. It's a big, a specific object, big, big, specific, specific, specific,  one specific object, or one small section, section, small section. Yeah, small section, a small part of a show. A small part, section is like a part. A part. Yeah, small section.  A part. Yes. Yes. That section of a small section. A show. Okay. Of a show. Okay. A small section of a show. Okay. Okay. You can understand section as a part.  A small part. I do. I can, I can show. I can show a part. Yeah, section is like a part. A part. Yeah, a part. A part. Okay. There is a big show, right? It shows many things. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  And for example, maybe let's say it's a Chinese show. And there's, there's like, so the Tang Dynasty, the Song Dynasty, the Ming Dynasty, and Dynasty. Okay. And so I put it into different sections. So this section is Tang Dynasty. This section is song. Okay. Yeah.  Different sections. Different sections. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Yeah, sections. And if it's a verb, if it's a verb, it means to show, to show something in public. Yeah. For example, okay. So this is a cup from from Ming Dynasty.  Oh, this is a cup from Ming Dynasty. And I am going to show it. I can say, I am going to exhibit this cup in this cup. Okay. Exit. Exit the cup. Yeah, exhibit the cup.  Oh, this is a Ming Dynasty. Yeah, I don't know, a cup or a weapon or a weapon. Do you know what is a weapon? Weapon. Weapon. Yeah, weapon. I don't know. Weapon is like a knife or a sword or a gun.  Or they don't have a gun, but weapon. Have you ever heard of weapon weapon? Yeah, weapon is something they use to hurt to fight.  To fight. Something they use to fight. Something they use to fight.  Yeah. Something they use to fight. To go to war. To fight. Like, like, for example, a sword. A sword.  A sword. Yeah, sword. Okay. So a sword is a weapon. A weapon. And now, now in today's world, a gun is a weapon.  A weapon. Yeah, gun is a weapon. Something we use to fight.  Something we use to fight.  All the people, all the people use the stone and the tree.  And the string string string string string string string string or something to fight.  Yes, exactly. That is called a weapon. Oh, weapon. Okay. Yes, exactly. A weapon. Yes.  Okay. Yeah. So let's take a look at these five different kinds of exhibitions. Okay. So there will be art, which you like.  It's exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition exhibition  Okay, so there will be paintings.  Paintings, cultures, paintings.  Okay, and next, historical exhibition.  historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical yes historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical historical  TORIKO.  Very good.  It's TORIKO.  It's TORIKO.  Okay.  It's TORIKO.  Okay.  And next,  science exhibition.  Exhibition.  It's exhibition.  Science, science exhibition.  It's the vision.  It's the vision.  Very good, very good.  Yes, vision.  Yes.  Spend or do you know?  Yes.  Space biology.  Active experiments.  Interactive.  Beeth.  Do you know space?  Beeth.  Shijin wa.  Speот.  No, space is, it's white-haikon.  White-haikon.  Yeah, the space outside.  Of our Earth.  It's white-haikon.  planets. Xing Xing is planets. Oh, okay, okay. Yes. And next is natural history exhibition.  Natural history exhibition. Very good. Yes. And natural history exhibitions would have dinosaur  fossils. Like the bones of the dinosaurs. Dinosaur and the fossils. Yeah, fossils. Yeah, fossils  yeah, fossils. Yes. Okay. And last one is the photography. The  photography. Photography is the exhibition exhibition. Photography.  Collections of photographs. Photographs. Yes. Photographs and photography.  Photography. Like so there will be many photos in the photography exhibition. Photography is  the exhibition. Photography. Okay. Photography. Photography. Select. Photography is  that one. So in that one. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So do you know what is, do you know what are photographs?  So collections of photographs. Do you know what it's all paint? Photographs. Yeah. Photographs  is it's all paint. It's the same as photos and pictures. Pictures. It's the same. Same meaning.  Okay. Okay. All right. So the reason why I want to introduce all of that is because I know you're going  to Austria, right? Yeah. So I think you will go to a museum. Okay. So maybe you will hear them ask you  this or maybe you need to ask something. Oh. So it's homework. So you can yeah because we don't have  that much time we can listen to it. Okay. Then you can review at home a little bit. Okay. Okay. Or maybe  we can try to read it together. Okay. Let's read it together. Now. Yeah. We have three more  minutes. We can we can do it. Okay. We can read just half of it and then you can listen to it  after class. After class. I can you can you can you can listen to it after class. But now  let's read it. Read it. Now. Yes. Let's read. Yes. Okay. Can you be the tourist?  Okay. Yeah. You are the tourist. I am the attendant. Attendant. Attendant. Attendant is the person  at the museum. Like someone who will say okay. I need a ticket. You need to buy a ticket.  You need to pay me money. Okay. The attendant. I am the attendant. Attendant. Okay. Yeah.  Attendant. Okay. Okay. Okay. You can start. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Is there a admission?  Admission. We. We. For this museum. Hello. Admission fee. Oh sorry. Admission is by  sharing. Yeah. What is admission fee? What do you think? Admission. Admission means you're  going in. You need to go in. So you need to pay money. It's a little bit different. It's a  little bit different. Money. Admission fee is like Ru Changfei. Yeah. Because admission is like  you want admission. Admission fee. For this museum. Okay. Yes. Okay. But you can also say hi. Do I  need a ticket for this museum? Oh. Do I need to pay money for this museum? Yes. You can  also say that. In Austria, the pay is the museum. And the money for a museum is so expensive.  Really? Okay. How much? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. But they're expensive. Very expensive. I see. I think. I think it's  very expensive. So just choose one or two museums to visit. To visit. I see. Or others.  We just go around the building. I see. Yeah. In the building. We'll see the building.  Yeah. The building is also very beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And yeah. So we don't have more time.  But I will give you this article. And I will also give you the recording. Okay. I will also give  you the recording. And there are also the vocabulary and the meaning. Okay.  Okay. Like, okay. What is donation? It's the money you volunteer to give. Okay. What is fossil?  Fossil. Yeah. Fossil is fossil, right? Yeah. Fossil. Okay. Bro sure is very important. Do you  know what it is? Bro sure. Bro sure. Bro sure is the little book that you get in the museum.  No introduction. It's called a brochure. Oh, brochure. Yeah. If you want to go and ask  about the little book, you can say hi. Are you the book? Yeah. Can I have the brochure? Do you have a brochure?  Yeah. This is have a brochure? Yeah. Can I have a brochure? Yes. This is from French.  French. French. Yeah. From French. Yeah. This is not English. It's from French.  French. Do you know French? French. Fawin. This. Yeah. This this word is from French. Bro sure.  Oh sure. Yeah. For you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's because it's because so in English,  C.H. is. Right. Bro sure. But yeah, but you're saying brochure. Okay. So it was it was originally.  Oh, brochure. Yeah. Yeah. brochure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So okay. Anyway. So you can  we can have a brochure. Okay. Yeah. Can I have a brochure? Yeah. brochure. Yes. Very good. Okay.  So I will send you this and everything. Okay. But just to like clarify again,  uh, I don't know what we're talking about. Okay. Okay. So do you have any questions?  Yes.  Because, um, because I wanted to be aodswarrior. You wanted to go. I think maybe you can 有一些英文會在那邊會用到. But right, this kind of me will have you  Next time we can make a video on that later? Yes.  We're really talking about it.  But you can go back to the old news.  Okay, okay.  Okay, okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Yeah.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  So, okay.  Have fun and enjoy your trip.  Okay.  Okay.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  See you.  Bye.