DATE: 5/5

[Teacher]: Hi, can you hear me? Hello, weird. How about now? Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, still no sound. Hello, can you hear me? This is fine. Yeah. Great. All right, then. So hey, how are you?
[Student]: How are you?
[Teacher]: That's fine. You're fine. That sounds good. How was your Labor Day holiday? Uh...
[Student]: You stayed at home?
[Teacher]: You stayed at home? Yeah.
[Student]: You didn't go out?
[Teacher]: Mm-hmm. A little? You went out a little?
[Student]: Yeah.
[Teacher]: Okay, you went out.
[Student]: You can say, so instead of saying a little, you can say I went out for a bit, it means
[Teacher]: going out for a short time, like I went out for a bit, and I remember you're actually
[Student]: in Tao Yuan, right?
[Teacher]: Yeah. Okay. And yeah, so did you stay in Tao Yuan or did you go to Taipei?
[Student]: Yes, they're in Taoyuan.
[Teacher]: Mm-hmm, nice.
[Student]: And how was the weather in Taoyuan these three days? Was it rainy, was it sunny, or was it cloudy?
[Teacher]: Cloudy. Cloudy. Okay. Well, then that sounds like a nice time to go out, no? No. But you didn't go out. You only went out for a little bit. yeah okay all right and so how was your week week yeah how was your week is it a busy week or lazy week it was it was a busy week a lazy week a lazy week okay so work wasn't busy so work, work wasn't busy. Work wasn't busy. Yeah, like was was work busy? Yeah. It was busy. Yeah. Okay, okay. So then it comes my favorite question. Anything new this week? New. Is this a hard question? Hmm, I went to a bad maintenance shop and uh, to change my... Just the string. So no change, change my line in... Ah, yeah, your line. But actually in English it should be strings. Oh, strings. You mean like the lines on your your badminton racket, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Instead of because lines would be more like these are lines. These are lines that I'm drawing. These are lines. But strings are the actual thing. Oh. Yeah. Those are called, called strings. Oh.
[Student]: Like, okay, let's say like this, lines are 2D, okay, and 3Ds are called Strings.
[Teacher]: I think that's an easier way to understand.
[Student]: Yeah, yeah. 2D are lines and 3Ds are Strings.
[Teacher]: But, but, but, but, if it's a storybook, if it's a storybook, and there are, you know, like Strings in the storybook, it's still Strings, okay. Okay, you know what I mean, so I mean, for example, if you're reading a story and if the drawing has a string in it, although it's 2D, you still have to call it a string, okay, you know what I mean, okay, do you get what I mean, do you remember or should I explain in Chinese. It's actually a joke. It's actually a joke. Should I explain a little bit in Chinese?
[Student]: It's still called string. Line, whatever it is, is what it is. I just mentioned this joke. It's just like, oh, in case, it's a new way. Don't misunderstand. That is, they are still in the story. We look at it as 2D, but it's actually 4D.
[Teacher]: If it's 3D in the story, it's called string. This is a small joke. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. It's my own joke. So it doesn't matter. Then I just want to say, okay, I also want to avoid you misunderstanding. Okay. Ah, there is a joke and a explanation. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. So you went to the Badminton store to change the strings on your Badminton record.
[Student]: Right.
[Teacher]: Yeah. Okay. And is it is it expensive to change the strings to renew it? Uh, change at the change fee, a fee of change. Right. Yeah, the change fee is fine. Okay. Or you can say the price, both is okay. total for how much? 400. Yeah. Is that expensive? Because I don't know. I have no idea. No more. No more. Normal. Okay. Now I can say it's a normal price or you can say that's an average price. You know, you know the word average? Oh. Yeah.
[Student]: Average.
[Teacher]: PI.
[Student]: PRIC.
[Teacher]: You can say average.
[Student]: You can say that's the average price, or that's the normal price. Price, let me coast. Yeah. Yeah.
[Teacher]: Or yeah, you can say price or cost. Both is both is fine. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. We're just sort of like teaching you different ways to say the, the same thing. Yeah, do you know the word average? Yeah. Yeah, okay. And price. You know the word price. No, yeah. I know the price. You know, okay. And you know cost. So yeah, like, it's the same thing. Just, um, price is more like when we're talking about, okay. So, for example, maybe, um, how much is this cup? Oh, the price. Like, maybe, like, it fits in a store. then there will be a price, right? The price is this. Then, like there, we say the price.
[Student]: Like, in this situation, we have to say price.
[Teacher]: We don't really say, oh, the cost is this. When we're talking about cost, it's more like, you know, for example, I'm sure maybe your company buys machines or stuff and like, oh, the total cost is something. You can also say price, though. Yeah, both is both is okay both is okay. Yeah, okay any questions? I know average, but I think is you have two I have And then the average is pretty me. Yeah. But in their average main normal. So yes, like we're saying,
[Student]: we can say average price because like okay, you're saying this is a normal price because everyone
[Teacher]: who goes to renew their strings. they pay around like 400 or maybe 450 or maybe some people they pay 380 so like the average price would be 400 like like this is not a very you know 100% this is the average price you know it's more like the price is
[Student]: around 400 so you can say yeah like average is kind of like about okay like
[Teacher]: Like in Chinese, we don't really say, in Chinese, we usually say, like, Zenzong, right? So that's why we think about normal. But actually in English, they would, like, for Zenzong, they would also say average in this case. Yeah. Because actually, when we're talking about, like, Zenzong, we also mean, you know, the
[Student]: price is about 400.
[Teacher]: Like, this is, you know, the norm. We would say this is normal price because, like, all the prices for changing strings are around this price, right? Yeah, so that's why like it's okay to also say average price. Yeah, do you get me? Should I explain it in Chinese again? Okay, I know. You think you know, okay. But anyways, it's right that you think that average and normal are different things. This is correct. But in this case, when we're talking about something, like, okay, like, for example, your, your, your, your badminton strings. And we're asking about the price of something. And like, when you think it's like normal price, it's okay to also say, uh, the average, it's an, that's an average price. Okay. Let me know if you have any confusions.
[Student]: Okay. Okay. Don't be shy. Just ask me. Okay. All right. Any questions? No. Hi. Okay. All right. And yeah, so did you go play Batminton?
[Teacher]: These three days? Yeah? You did? No, no, no. No, I'm in Thursday. Mm-hmm. Always? Oh, okay. Yeah, you can say I always play on Thursday. on Thursday. So when we're talking about like Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, we always stay on. But this is a very small thing. Okay, it's okay. Like everyone will still understand you. Understanding you is the most important thing. So I'll just keep reminding you. So it's Okay, that you made a little mistake here, okay? Don't be done. Don't be like, oh, why didn't I remember and all? It's okay. Everyone makes mistakes. I, sometimes I also make mistakes. Maybe you just didn't realize. Yeah, it's okay. As long as I can understand, people can understand. It's fine, okay. All right, and yeah, so besides changing your strings, anything else that's new this past week?
[Student]: No.
[Teacher]: No. So I guess maybe you do need to take some rest after your business trip, right? Ah, business trip? I mean, yeah, like last time you told me about your business trip, right? And you were very, very busy. You were in China. So I think you deserve some good rest. You deserve to be lazy for a week. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did you rest well? Right. Did you rest well? Yeah. Did you rest well? Yes. Oh. Did it? Yeah. Did you rest well? You did. Yeah. I think that's good, that's good all right then so let's move on to one of your homeworks so question time okay did you did you read the article again yeah you saw you saw your did you read this okay well then let's take a look at the questions. You ready? Okay. Okay, so when is Easter celebrated? It's to celebrate Jesus Christ come back from the bed. But I was asking about when. Is Easter celebrated? But that's okay, so that is why is Easter celebrated? You answered, okay, and so you can tell me a seed that like which season is it celebrated in? Which season? Okay, can you tell me in a full sentence? Yeah, like is in summer and I don't know No, it's not way away. Let's see. The first sentence, Easter, is a holiday that is celebrated every spring. Remember when a spring? Spring. When a spring. And when it's fall, when it's
[Student]: winter when when when is spring is um are we in spring what's the what's the
[Teacher]: season now which season is it spring yeah it is spring right yeah and then and what's the next season summer yeah and what's the next what's the season after summer. Right and what's another name for fall. Other name. Yeah, there's another name. It starts with A. Something. Do you want to try? Have you ever seen it? Often. It doesn't. Yeah, awesome. I think you know. You just forgot. Yeah, you can just remember this one. It's okay. Just remember fall. Because leads fall down, right? So fall. Okay. Winner. And the last one, winter. Okay. Any questions here? No. All right. Then let's take a look at number two. So why? Why is Easter important for Christians? Yeah, it's your last answer. But you have to change the first part a little bit. Why is it true in culture for Christians? Because it's true, because it's true, it's everything. Jesus Christ, come back from that, and Christians go to church to pray on list. Hmm. Okay. You also answered a little bit about the third question, because you also told me, ah, Christians go take the church, right? That's good. That's very, very complete. That's very complete. Okay. So, okay, let's take a look. So, yes, you can say because, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay. But the full sentence can be, it is important because, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay. And so let's take a look at this part. It celebrates how Jesus Christ came back to life. And you don't need to say Christ, you can just say Jesus. It's fine. So yeah, it celebrates how Jesus Christ came back to life. We cannot say come back to life because he came back to life in the past. right? So we have to say came. Okay, that's it. Okay. And the reason why we use celebrates is because we celebrate Easter every year. Yeah, so we can just say it celebrates how Jesus came back to life. Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay, then let's take a look at the third question, which you already answered a little bit. You answered half. But now you have to tell me two activities. So you told me one already. You told me, Christians go to church and pray. And what's another one? Pantate. Pantate. Mm-hmm. Yeah, they hunt eggs. Okay. So it, you can, so it's an, this question can have many answers. Okay. So you can say, yeah, so people go, so Christians go to church and pray. And they hunt eggs. That's correct too. Or you can say this. So there are many, many different ways to answer these questions. All right. Okay. Any questions here? No. All right then. So I think let's talk about this first. Okay, let's talk about that. Oh, yeah. Alright, okay, that's what we, that's what you were a bit confused about in our last class. Okay, so there are three ways to use that. So it's the first one, the pointer, which is saying, okay, that, that is my, my dog, or that is my cup. Okay, Okay, that's the pointer, okay? And the second way is the glue. We will also, we will talk about it more later, okay? So, but it's usually after a noun to describe it. We will look at more examples later. Don't worry. I'm just giving you a introduction
[Student]: about three ways to use it. And the third is the storyteller.
[Teacher]: It's just okay, after verbs like, ah, he said that, blah, blah, blah, blah. or I know that he's not young. Or I think that it should be blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, these are the three different ways to use it.
[Student]: So let's take a look at the first one, which is the most simple one,
[Teacher]: which you already know how to use. Okay, so yeah, you're pointing to something that's far away from you. You will say that, right? And what if the dog is this close? What if the dog is here? Can you say that? can you say this is my dog that's very good all right then let's take a look at the harder ones
[Student]: okay so yeah the glue as we talked about it's after a noun to describe it so it connects a noun
[Teacher]: to a description sorry the glue so no it's sort of like just telling you it's giving
[Student]: look, it's giving you a summary of what it is. So it means it glues the noun and the
[Teacher]: description together. It glues it together. Yeah, you know, glue, right? It's something
[Student]: that's sticky. No. I don't know. Glue is gel suy. Oh, yeah, glue is gel suy. Okay. Anyways.
[Teacher]: So that's why we say it's a glue because it connects it. It puts it together. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, all right. Okay, so let's take a look at these two examples. So the first example is from the reading we read about right Easter is a holiday that is celebrated in spring.
[Student]: Okay, so it glues it together because if we don't have this, I mean, okay, so I will explain later. So anyway, so let's take a look at the first one. So Easter is a holiday that is celebrated in spring. That is how you use that.
[Teacher]: it connects Easter, the holiday to the description. This is the description. Do you know the description,
[Student]: the meaning of description? Do you know what? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. To give extra information, description gives extra info, right? Yeah, extra info. Okay. And so this is the way to use that. and also here. I need a laptop that has a long battery. This is also like extra information.
[Teacher]: You don't need to say, for example, you can just say, oh, I need a laptop. That's fine too. But you want to give extra information. You want to say, okay, I want a laptop that has a long battery life and is black. Something like that. Okay. And then if you don't want to make a new sentence? You can use that. If I break, break it, uh, uh, forge and uh, um, if, if what? So... that's the story of the back. Maybe... Maybe it's... Maybe it's... Because it's not a good choice for this. But this can be a good choice. Because you should be in the first place, like you can't say I need a laptop. It has...
[Student]: Can you still hear me? Yeah.
[Teacher]: Oh, okay, okay, sorry.
[Student]: You can't hashtag, hashtag, I'll offline, but anyways, okay. So if you don't have that,
[Teacher]: then maybe you would have to say, okay, I need a laptop, period. And then you have to make a new sentence like say, oh, I need one with long battery life.
[Student]: Like if you have to break it,
[Teacher]: then it will be extra long. Because this thing can't be taken away by everyone. It must be connected to this function.
[Student]: Because it's not complete. Because it's not a theme, right?
[Teacher]: We've learned that we must have a theme with a theme.
[Student]: But we must have a theme. That's what you see. It's not here. So it has to be this big. It can be connected to it. But actually, as I said before, I don't even need to say anything else. Actually, it's really... Actually, it doesn't seem like that.
[Teacher]: Let's take a look at some of the behinds. Actually, when I'm here, I can't explain. Sometimes I don't want to. Sometimes I can. So when you can delete it, it's their behinds. Partist pose, you can think of it as a kind of形容詞 but they're actually... um... 動詞 Like for example, the car that is parked It's actually形容, it's really形容, it's a狀態 Okay In this case, it can actually be deleted The car that is parked there The car parked there, it can be That is, it can't be Oh wow
[Student]: Like if there's a line in the back, you can't do that, you can't do that.
[Teacher]: And then if there's a line in the back, you can't do that. But it's not just that. It's that is, it's not. OK. You can do it. And then we'll see if you think, oh, I don't know what to do. But when we look at it, we can't really wait for it. He is a man, that is a doctor, okay, he is a man doctor. If I'm not mistaken, he is a man doctor. He is a man doctor. We usually see that this is not reasonable. He is a man doctor. He is like a boy. In Chinese, it seems to be in English, but in English, you can use it as a noun. It's a noun that is called a noun. Yes. Of course, in Chinese, it's a man's life. It seems to be in English, but in English, man, it's a noun. So, if you don't decide when you can get rid of it, it's just to judge. Okay, this is the first situation. The first situation, okay. another two situations. One is, if there is something that is not, tell me that not, it's not possible. There must be an S. There must be an S that can help him. That is not like that. Okay. Sorry. There should be another S that can help him. It's not just S. Okay. There are three situations that can't be taken. And if there is a can, or might, or will,
[Student]: a problem that might happen. Okay. This that's the way you can't get rid of it.
[Teacher]: It's just three or three things.
[Student]: At the beginning of the game, you can do three things. You don't have to do it.
[Teacher]: It's actually very easy.
[Student]: Sometimes it's hard. And then... Okay, there's no problem here. I'm going to play it first.
[Teacher]: And then we'll see if there's any problem. Huh? Sorry, I didn't know. I didn't know what to say. Okay, and then there's the third one. This is my story teller. He's actually more like... I think he's just a... You can think of it as a piece of advice. Okay, everyone usually comes up with a thing. In the thing, or say, or know, or not. Okay, he said, Look, he didn't really say anything. He didn't actually say anything. He's like a very crazy person. It's like love, this kind of feeling. Or something. Sometimes it doesn't mean anything. But it seems like he might be a bit weird. It doesn't matter if it's on the phone or not. That kind of feeling is very pitiful. Sometimes when we're thinking about things, when we're thinking about things, we're like, oh, I think, I just want to give myself a little bit of time to think about it. I'm going to talk about this. In fact, it doesn't really need anything. In fact, when you're almost there, you can get rid of it. Because it's just a signal. But I think it's more like it's just I think we should go to the gym now. There is a little more problem. That's just a... I think a lot of people come to the kitchen to say that. Like I often talk about that. In fact, more people say that.
[Student]: Like my kitchen.
[Teacher]: You see, it's like this. I don't even think about it. She said the meeting was canceled. with cancelled. Yeah, he's saying,
[Student]: you can't help but I'd be able to tell.
[Teacher]: Oh, he's saying, this meaning is cancelled. As she said that, the meaning was cancelled. Actually, in the beginning, I don't know what you mean,
[Student]: but you might see that in this word,
[Teacher]: but I think there are a lot of times
[Student]: in the game.
[Teacher]: You can hear them say that. They are all in this situation. You see, he said the story teller. Some are story teller, that is the person who said the story. You see, They look like this think, say, no.
[Student]: They're all doing what they want to do today.
[Teacher]: They're all very good at that. It's just for the sake of... It seems like the whole story... Maybe the whole story is going to be a bit more... It's just... When I was singing, I was like, Oh, when I was talking about that, I was going to say something new. Like that kind of feeling. Okay. Like sometimes, Uh... Maybe if you ask me a question, I would say, I think that it is... What do you think? This is just to bring something out of the back. That's all. Basically, we don't have to talk about it. And then the other side, In fact, when he's doing the glue, I don't think you can see it often. But at the beginning, you can't do it. At the beginning, you can't do it. That's the only thing I like. I think this kind of,
[Student]: like this kind of thing,
[Teacher]: you know, just practice it and think it's weird.
[Student]: He is a man doctor. I see Paris is a city capital. Oh, yes. There's no need to do anything. You do anything to control my point. Because I'm a doctor. I'm okay with this.
[Teacher]: I'm a good understanding. I'm a good understanding. So maybe you can give me some, for example, you think you're still confusing today's feedback. I can do better to explain it. Otherwise, we'll do some small things. But this little thing is just to make you feel so, just to make sure you have the feeling that you can use it or not. Because when you need to use it, you can. Okay.
[Student]: Okay. Let's just take a look at it. Maybe this one can be better.
[Teacher]: Make sure you don't get confused.
[Student]: Okay.
[Teacher]: Number one, I believe that AI will change the world. in case you didn't know you could, I believe that AI will change the world, I believe AI will change the world, you know, two down, two or so, there's someone.
[Student]: Do it, you know, you're not going to be looking at that, okay. I believe that AI will change, I believe, AI will change the world, What can you do? No, just require, you're high, optional. Res avail, require the easinal requires a must, you must have it, you must, it must stay optional,
[Teacher]: you can be deleted. Okay, that's why you need to go down to C1. That's a good option.
[Student]: Number two, this is the computer I use over vibe coding. Do you remember vibe coding? We talked about the last time, like a few weeks ago, a long time ago. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. The computer that I use forever. By the way,
[Teacher]: Do you think it's required? Why do you think it's required? It's a feeling just to see good. Just a feeling. Okay. That's okay. 5. Also, let me show you this. You can see it a bit. Remember, i-e is i. Right? Yeah, so vibe. Okay. Yes, great. Okay. Number three. Easter is a holiday. Easter is a holiday. It's very important in Europe. Easter is a holiday. It's very important in you. required. Yes, that's right. Okay, then let's take a look at number four. He told me that he was easy with a project. Tell me he was easy with a project. Tell me that he told me he's required. Okay, you think it's required. The students that study with peki are very lucky. The students study with peki are very lucky. It's optional. It's optional. Okay, so let's take a look at two and four for now. okay so let's come back to here so you so it's actually they're they're actually glues okay so they're um let's take a look you can um so actually these two are both optional these are both optional Because you can delete it, because they're actually all talking about something that's happening, because it's all by the description. I think I can understand that. You see, there's a very complete description.
[Student]: So it's not that important.
[Teacher]: Oh, because I think two names, two names, next to each other.
[Student]: Oh, that's kind of eye. And then, actually, it's possible to be more complete. Because, for example, when you look at it, he is a man that is a doctor. Actually, he has a重點. It's like a doctor is a being. That's the guy on that side. He also has a動作.
[Teacher]: I use for a vibe coding. Or he was busy with a project. These are all actions of a state of mind. Okay. Right. Yeah. Okay. And number five. I don't know how to explain it. Actually, the fifth question, it's actually required. Because it doesn't work. I think so. This is I understand it like this. Because it's like I don't know how to explain it. It's very difficult to explain. I really appreciate it. I feel it's a very good feeling. I feel it's a bit weird. I feel it's a bit weird. You have the students that study with pink hair, very lucky. I feel like I can't read the lines and look at them. I don't know why I have to say something. Students study. If there's no that, The student study would take your very lucky students.
[Student]: The student study. The student study.
[Teacher]: This is what I want to share with you. Okay, we're going to look at the last time the cooperation with the last time going to the gym. Okay. Did I give you this homework? I did, right? No, I didn't. Or actually, I didn't. We didn't have that homework. Or did we already... Yeah, I'm lost. I'm ready. Okay, tell me, your exercise habits. Around 10, once a week. Sorry? I like kind of exercising. I didn't just say chale, you don't have the name. I ball games. Oh, you don't have the name? Um, yeah. You can say ball, but chale. I think if we're talking like Cholay ball games, they're usually soccer balls or football. Like UChouken and Busan is at the ham of the Cholay. And Nitsu-la UChou-la is at the ham of the Cholay. So we're the Cholay Ritong. Oh, okay. Well, then you can just say I like Batman. You can just say, yeah, I like Batman, or for example, I wanted to say, Because you said, I like kind of exercises, but actually you have to say the kind of exercise I like is. Okay. You kind of... Naiso... Naili... Is it Naili or is it Naili? Actually, this is... It can be a very different direction. You have to say... It's a question, what kind of people do you like? So you can answer it. For example, if you're really a teacher or like a teacher, then you can say, oh, I like... I like... ball games. Or, you can say you like to listen to badminton. Then you can say, oh, I like badminton, it's so simple. Don't use too much, you have to... you have to take it into the kind of game. Just like the first thing I had just done, I just...
[Student]: I have three... I'll give you the answer. But actually those things... It's not all the standard answers. You're not wrong at all. But maybe for example, you just had some small-scale stuff, as a small-scale challenge,
[Teacher]: But in fact, there are a lot of different kinds of things that can be done in a different way.
[Student]: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Alright, so you can say again, I like badminton. I like badminton. Very good. And the first question. So you said, I go to badminton once a week, right? Yeah. Okay. I go to means, or chew. Yeah, but badminton, you have to play. So like it would, yeah, you know what I mean, yeah.
[Teacher]: But if you said I go to the badminton court once a week, that's okay. Okay, you have to go somewhere because it's good. All right, or you can say I actually know, like I was going to say you can say I go to play badminton. To be honest, you can say that, but it's, you don't need to you don't need to say I go to play, you can just say I play, okay, I go to, this is 中文会说我去打羽毛球,但是在英文里面这个就会,就是会 变得点重,就是那个狗,那个狗2就会变得比较重,你可以讲, 但是会变得比较重, okay, okay, number three, why is exercise important for you? So what's the first one that you said, because Batminton? I reduce my stress and also can add my badminton skill. Sorry, what badminton skills it can aid? Help, right? AID. Ah, okay. So you want to say like, okay, it can help you improve your your bad maintenance skills, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. So because aid would only mean help, but what you actually want to say is improve your skills. Right? Hmm. Yeah. So you can say improve your skills here, here, here, um, improve my bad mint and skills. Or you can say it can help, it can aid, it can help too. Actually, aid is not a very common word. Like if we want to say aid, it's usually in, you know, like maybe in hospitals. like when someone is hurt we would say like aid but in these situations it's better to just say help so it can help to improve my bad vintage skills you can also say this it can help to improve improve or yeah okay any questions here no all right so we only have a little time left so let's actually we don't have any time left. But anyway, so I heard your homework. So I just wanted to like, I think everything was really perfect. You read everything really well. And just a few things. For example, maybe you read too fast. So you forgot the ES, like classes or teaches or like with because I think maybe it's because you read it too fast. But I think that's a really good thing because you improved. But for now, I still want you to know how to read everything clearly. That's why I want you to read it with you again. Let's read these few words together again. Then let's look at this conversation in our next class. Let's read this word, towel. Towel. Mm, towel, yes. Okay, and let's read classes. Classes. Mm-hmm, and teaches. Teachings. Very good, and next one. Racket. Racket. Racket, bowl. Racket. Mm-hmm, very good. Okay, next. This one. I think you just read it too fast. Let's break it down. to just make sure you get the correct pronunciation. Okay, so it's Registration. Registration. Very good. Registration. Okay, and yeah, and then next with. Please. And next, Cardio. Cardio. Okay, and last one, worked. Yeah, worked. Yeah, Yeah, because I think you read work kid. Yeah, haha. Yeah, it's okay. It's okay. I will remind you, worked. Perfect. All right then. So for that question, I will explain to you in the email. Okay. Okay. I need to think about how to explain to you. Because like for me, it's kind of like natural that it's not right, but it's kind of hard for me to explain to you like more systematically, you know, systematically. So I hope I can give you a系統嘅去跟你講 嘅事情,去解釋,對我來說,整理有點太, just a little bit, a little bit太語感了, so why, why, this is整理一下, I'm going to tell you why it might not work. Okay. It's not optional. Okay. I'm sorry. It was optional. It's required. Okay. All right. So far, any questions? Uh, you. Okay. Tell me. This is the Mb3. This is the Mb3. This is the Mb3. This is the Mb3. This is the Mb3. This is the Mb3. This is the Mb3. This is the Mb3. This is the Mb3. She will use it to improve her energy. Yeah. Okay. So that's how it goes. Yeah. Yeah. She would tell you that she is a little older. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. In my opinion, it's not that you're wrong or what? I'm more confused if you know the reason for it. So I'm going to make sure that I can get out of here and say, okay, we may not be able to do this. It's just that. Because I'm afraid that now, if you're practicing, you don't have to practice wrong. You just want to do it. That's all. But I think it's a little bit clearer, right? I think it's okay, it's okay. Okay. Yeah, because I think every word you can read clearly, you may naturally have some words you can add up. So you can connect it when you're done with it. All right. Yeah, this is, this is what you want to say. I'm going to talk about it. I don't know. But I'm going to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no. I'm going to start. And then it's going to be very peaceful. And then. Yeah, and then it's going to be like. And then it's going to be like. I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it, but I'll be able to do it very quickly. So you'll be able to do it very quickly, right? Yes, yes. For example, I was like, I said, you asked me, how long do I have to fight against a cat? Did you ask me, did you go to fight against a cat? And then my answer is, my response to my reply is to I decide the split and the fourth And then I think I decide I decide what to say in English I will go to say that maybe other people know that they're always or maybe it will become such a way to say my sentence and it will become to be able to I always, but you always can't put it to the end. That's the last one. That's the last one. Yes, that's the last one. I don't know how to explain this part. Actually, I just thought about it. Because your goal is not to consider it. You don't know it. I don't think so. Yes. Actually, it doesn't matter. You don't have to be nervous. Because actually, I think you want to know what to say first. Not to worry. Because if you don't consider it, your goal is to just let the opposite of what you're talking about. That's good. And then I think, because I'm your teacher, I'm sure that you'll have to go to some cultural problems. But in fact, you're often going to communicate with others. You're going to talk like this, but you won't understand. And then again, actually sometimes, For example, you just want to, For example, you don't want to listen to anything. But you're going to talk to others, so you may have to first read some words first. Then you can say, oh, I go, I go, I go to, I go, I go play Badminton on Thursdays. And then you can say, he may, but he's going to say something. So you may talk to him, he may also ask you, I think it's probably... Like, every week or something You can even keep it in your mouth It might even be a problem I think you don't have to say that at night It doesn't matter Right And then Next is saying You think that your own... Just like The time of the Fan League is a bit long Actually I think Umm... This is really going to be a challenge Because for example You would think Oh, I'm thinking of my past every week Then you start to get the fixed value. But this thing needs to be adjusted slowly. Because it's just like when I was working with you for a long time, I didn't mean to talk to you about Chinese. Because I was just afraid of you guys, and every time I was thinking about it, I was like, what's that Chinese-speaking Chinese? I don't want to talk about it. I just want you to be in an emotional state. What do you know about it? And then, for example, why do you keep talking about different things? Like you just said, I'm sure every week I go to do this in the rain At least I think about it at least three times I always go on Thursdays or I go every Thursdays or I go on Thursdays I can do it I think I may I just like to say we're both on the class But I can only be in front of us It's always talking to you very often It's the common thing So you can just For example, compared to you, it's going to come out now. Now it's going to be more connected to me. And then the other thing, I think, after a while, maybe like what we were talking about, maybe we can do more, I'll give you more homework, or you want to record what I hear. Compared to you yourself, it's going to be more English, it's going to be more English-wise. I think, I don't even, I even think that kind of question, I don't care about you, it's going to be written first. You just start recording. Okay, so if you want to know that it's okay, like, this take, you have to explain it to yourself, like this, to talk to yourself. In other words, I think it's just that you may have to look at some of the contents of English. I think you don't have to say, oh, I definitely have to go to see CNN's news. and you may not have to be interested. I think if you don't have to be interested, I don't know if you have to be interested. Like when I was a kid, I liked Justin Bieber the most. And then, because of his latest news, I must have stolen English to read. So, I'm just... I'm just... I'm not just kidding. But when I'm interested, I think I'll keep reading those things. I'll keep reading them. So, I think... for me, it's probably... overseas... overseas... time. If you want to read English, You can also see what you like to see, I don't know, what you want to see. So if you want to see the T.E.D. Ted. You really like to see that. That's not a big deal. Yes, there will be a lot of interesting things to see. There will be a lot of interesting things to see. Okay. There are too many interesting things to see. Yes. This is what I want to say to Ted. I want to say that the main topic is quite that. Yes. it will be much easier to join the team and it will be easier to lead the team. In general, if it's a team that's playing the game, it's my fault. But if I was to keep playing the game and keep playing it, what would it be? If it's in the game, what would it be? Will it be changed? And it won't be stuck in the game. It won't be in the game. Okay, so let's talk about that. I think you can watch it. But don't force yourself to understand anything. I think you need to practice first, just listen to it first. They don't sing at all. They are in 7-8 minutes or something. It's about 10 minutes. Anyway, they don't sing at all. If you have a new theme, I think you need to listen to it first. Because you can still listen to the second song. I'll help you with that. You can listen to the second song. The first time you see how much you get. And then the second time I may try to guess you can even open the字幕. So, eh, English字幕, okay. You see, you see, you open an English字幕. Because I think your teacher said that I think your reading is okay. Just, hmm, I think you read it, okay. I think you have the word, so you first, you first stop. The second, you read that字, okay. And then the third one, you said it's really not that much, he's telling you that the third one, you're going to see you open the door, you know, you're going to find out the meaning. So you're going to find out the meaning. So the third one, you're going to find out the meaning, you're just looking at how many things you know. That's right. And then you're going to get to how many things. And then I think you can just continue like this, I think you're really, of course, it's quite a lot. You will feel that you seem to be more difficult to become a child, but I think I think you have to put it in English. It's really just You I think I've been thinking that it's useless Because that's probably a good thing to think about. It's just It's just There's definitely a lie. You have to really think about what the score is. It's all about giving you something. It's Oh, you answer. It's like how to answer. But this I think it's right. I'm going to think about it. If you really met a real foreigner, he would give you a lot of words. I'm not saying it right. They say it right. Yes, that's right. If I'm not speaking English, it's not a bad thing. Yes, yes. This is really hard. I'm not saying it right. I'm not saying it right. If you don't want to speak English, I think it's a bad thing. Or you can speak English. I'm not saying it right. But if I'm not speaking English, they will speak very fast. It's really fast. Yeah. That's the only thing. This is very serious. Because when I went to Australia, we were able to find someone to talk to. And my best friend was that friend of mine. He was a mother of a human being, but he was in English. I was very surprised. Sorry. Can you say that again? I didn't get you. a lot of times. And then, for example, my girlfriend, they are actually also a mother-in-law. But their Korean is super. Because our Taiwanese are too習慣. American people and most of them are Korean. They are super, very clear. But they will have a little bit of their own that way of that Korean. So I think you don't have to be too... Like I thought, I have a very追... I haven't been to Europe before. I will also be super追. Oh, I'm so... I want to say that English is a super standard. But we all have standard, it's just that we don't have time to say it. So you can actually find out that a group of girls is really... their English can't really say it, you know, we all have standard. Everyone has their own standard. The standard is that it doesn't understand what it is. I think it's not enough to say it, but I think it's not good. It's just that you don't understand, you can just let them... Can you say that again? I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't catch it. Sorry, I just didn't catch what you said. You can ask me again. So like, I just... I don't know. Every time I ask you again, like, don't be shy to ask. You really don't understand. You want to ask me. That's what you know. Don't be ashamed of yourself. You know? That's true. So when I first started learning, I was super nervous. I was like, I was like, I was like, I was like, They say that the English is even more empty. Especially if they don't speak English. And I have a lot of people who say that they are not good at it. And I want to say that I can't understand it by myself. That's not true. It's really hard to understand. I want to say that I can't understand it by myself. I don't understand it by myself. That's because we really like that. So at that time, I started to go to the car. But then I heard that they would probably say that. Because I have a lot of classmates who are not good at it. They say that I can't understand it by myself. Oh? No. Tell them to speak English, then don't understand what they're saying. They wear underwear, the claims that I didn't wear. But that just treats me like a pig. I personally think it really... It seems really difficult to pronounce. Especially with this kind of claims. You just have to try. Although I now hear that two-way comment, the claims I just烧味 would be more of a shame. But I have to stop listening to that kind of stuff. Because I'll just tell her something. And then... I'll just say, sorry? Or did she say it? But I think they are all quite good, I think it's a bit too high for our Taiwanese team. Okay. I just wanted to ask you a few questions. I just talked about it and I just wanted to ask you a question. I just wanted to ask you a question. Maybe in the TH, I'm not sure if you have that familiar so I'm going to have to compare it with you or your E.S. or your E.D. So you see, I'm not doing anything else or something like that that's a very simple thing It's actually something that I hope you have more familiar with Yeah That's all So you have to be careful Don't worry too much Okay Of course, I It's true that this kind of progress will not be that slow. Because after all, I've been working on this for a long time. And then, at home, maybe you don't have to work for a long time. So, that direction will be more slow. That's very normal. Because I don't have much time. Like when I was a kid, it's easy to progress very quickly. Because I may be lost in English. I can't talk about Chinese. Then I will definitely learn very quickly. I don't want to talk about Chinese. I want to write my French. and then I'll just write it down, and then I'll write it down. You know, this is what I believe is that I have to learn more naturally and better to communicate with the practice. But if I'm honest, of course, I'm not sure. You have a lot of ways to get the speed up. But I think the real speed up is the confidence that you might not be able to get the speed up. I'm very, very, very often practicing. I dream of this world. This is my dream. I can dream like Chinese. I can dream of my love. And I can dream of nature. I can dream of nature. What's your dream? For example, what's your love? Love? I think for example, that... It's like that The sword is in the room, and that's where I'm going to ask There are many different words I can imagine It's like When they are down They may be in the opposite direction And then If If this brain has a different words And this is the opposite Then For me, I just think This sentence I don't really need to say it I have to understand it Why is it like this? Maybe I don't know. That's what I'm going to say. It's just hands up. Okay. Just, you know, I would like to... Just, you want to be in this kind of everyday situation. You can go naturally. This is... You can say it naturally. If you want to say it. You can understand it like this. Okay, actually, we're going to get to the next class. I think I'm basically going to find this. This is the right way. I think I can... Because this is the homework I'm going to do next time. But this is what I'm going to tell you. I think I'm going to give you another one. It's also the green one. And maybe I can see... I don't know what to do. I'm thinking how to do this homework. Then you can try to use what I just mentioned to you. You don't have to write it. You just have to write it. I will give you those questions. You just have to do those questions. And what you want to do is... Actually, I think you answered the first question today. Like, the second question, you told me, I'm just saying it's very important. Because Christians... Because Jesus came back to life. And they say, oh, because Jesus came back to life, and they go to church and pray. So I like it. It's great. You have a rich family. That's really great. So I think you're in the park. I will encourage you to not only answer my question. You have a lot of things you want to talk about. You just talk. OK. Like I said before, there will be some guiding questions. Those guiding questions will help you to answer. You want to add extra information. Don't write that. You can read it several times. You can read it several times. You can read it several times. You can read it several times. was, it's only out there being able to, you know, just learn from your own mistakes. So you can just do a phone call. Okay. All right. So for that, for that question, I will organize better and send you the explanation and yeah, any other questions? All right then, I will see you next week. Okay. Have a good night. Bye bye.