DATE: 4/13

 Hi.  Hi.  Hi.  Long time no see.  Long time no see.  Yeah, how are you?  How have you been?  Um...  I'm sick again.  Are sick again?  Okay.  But, um...  Did you recover before?  Do you know recover?  Ah, yeah.  Yes.  So, did you recover from the first one?  Recover.  Oops.  Do you know what does recover?  You know what recover means, right?  Yes.  Yes.  And my question was,  did you recover from the first, um,  sickness you had?  Do you know what I mean?  Okay.  So, did you?  Yeah.  You did.  And then you got sick again.  Yeah.  Oh, no.  Is it the same symptoms?  Uh...  Symptoms.  Do you know what symptoms mean?  No.  Okay.  So, symptoms are what we talked about last time.  We talked about coughing.  We talked about having a fever or a sore throat.  These are all symptoms you will have when you are sick.  Do you kind of get what I mean?  Symptoms.  Like, the symptoms you will have when you are sick are coughing  or sore throat or runny nose.  Like, you sneeze a lot.  Those are symptoms.  Uh, like...  Um...  Yeah.  You can say that.  Yeah.  Like, they're sort of like, um...  The reactions your body will have when you are sick.  For example, what,  which part of you is feeling uncomfortable now?  No.  Yeah, no.  No.  Here?  You have a sore throat?  Uh-huh.  Can you see the chat?  Yeah.  Okay.  Okay.  So, you have a sore throat.  And what else?  No.  I'm better.  Okay.  Now you're better.  But what else do you have?  You have a sore throat?  Do you have a headache?  Do you?  Okay.  Do you have a headache?  Mm-hmm.  Uh...  And what else?  And...  Body?  Oh, body.  Uh...  You feel sore?  No.  And...  Uh, body is hurt.  It hurts?  Do you know what the sore mean?  So sore?  No.  It means that...  Well...  So it's kind of different from hurting.  Okay.  Like, sore is usually...  It usually happens when maybe you exercise too much.  You will feel sore.  And sometimes when we are sick, when we have a fever,  our body feels sore.  Is that what you feel?  Oh, yeah.  Yes.  Then that's sore.  So you can say that my muscles feel sore.  Okay.  Yes.  And if you...  So when we're talking about like...  I know in Chinese we say hurt.  But here we can use the word ache.  ache.  Yeah, ache.  Like, for example, headache.  Stomach ache.  Right?  ache also means hurting.  But um...  It's more calm to say like ache when...  Um...  You are not really hurt on the outside.  You are hurting in the inside.  You can say ache.  Any questions here?  No.  No.  Are you sure?  You look confused.  Okay.  Okay.  Keep it down.  Okay.  Okay.  Hurting.  Like hurting on the outside means maybe...  Um...  You have blood coming out from your hands.  Okay.  Usually we say that's hurt.  But when...  When something is hurting in the inside, there is no blood.  We can't see it.  We can't see where you're hurt.  Then we will say ache.  Okay.  Are you still confused?  If you're still confused, you can let me know.  Okay.  Great.  Okay.  Okay.  Are you taking notes?  Okay.  Okay.  Alright.  Yeah.  So let's also take a look at these...  These are adjectives.  There are positive ones.  There are negative ones.  And there are also neutral ones.  Okay.  And I'm sure you know all of these, right?  You remember them, right?  Yeah.  Very good.  Okay.  And so let's also take a look at some neutral adjectives that you can use.  Like I know a lot of times maybe you're just fine.  But you can also say, I feel okay.  Or not bad.  You can just say not bad.  You don't have to say, I feel not bad.  You can say not bad.  For example, I'm like, hey, Jenson, how are you?  Or how are you feeling?  You can just say not bad.  Okay.  Okay.  Yeah.  And you can also say so, so, but this is...  This is not very common to use.  Okay.  Like, yeah, you can use it.  They will understand.  But it's more common to say these three.  All right.  Okay.  Okay.  And now let's review some of these.  So I know you know tired.  This is okay.  What about stressed?  Do you remember what is stressed?  Yeah.  I sure.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Like, when you have a lot of pressure, when you have a lot of things to do, you are stressed.  Right.  Okay.  And what about worried?  And worried, worried, worried.  Yeah.  But like, can you give me an example?  When will you feel worried?  And maybe some people afraid something happened.  Yeah.  They're afraid that something might happen.  Yes.  That's worrying.  Exactly.  Very good.  Okay.  Let's move on to the last word.  Overwhelmed.  Do you remember this word?  Did we talk about this word?  No.  We didn't.  Do you want to guess what it means?  Overwhelmed.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Like.  That emotion.  Emotions.  Like too much too many emotions.  Oh.  Oh, wait.  I'm not saying this is the answer, but I'm asking you.  Is that what you mean?  Do you mean there are too many emotions?  Or what do you mean?  That emotion.  Oh, bad emotions.  Okay.  Not really, but sometimes yes.  Any other guesses?  Yeah.  Okay.  Well, let me explain a little bit.  So.  Overwhelmed and stressed.  They are very similar.  Okay.  Like overwhelmed can mean maybe you have a lot of pressure from people.  Like people are like, hey, maybe your manager or your coworkers are like, hey, can you do this?  Hey, I need you here.  Like they're just asking a lot from you.  And then you will feel overwhelmed.  Like too many people are asking me asking me to do something.  So you will feel overwhelmed.  And that is very similar to stressed.  But overwhelmed can also be, can also just be like, for example, maybe today your friend told you a very, very big secret.  Okay.  And it's like a lot of information.  It doesn't make you feel stressed, but you're like in shock.  You're like, wow, that is a lot of information.  I am overwhelmed.  So overwhelmed, you can understand it as simply too much information for you are too much things on you.  And you're like, oh, no, I'm not sure what to say or what to do.  That's overwhelmed.  Okay.  Do you kind of understand?  Overwhelmed.  No.  No.  Did you say no or yes or.  No, no, no.  You said no.  Yeah.  Okay.  So let me explain again.  So overwhelmed can mean you feel can happen when you feel pressured.  Okay.  This part is this.  And it can also happen when there is too much information for you to process and understand.  Okay.  To be honest, I'm not sure what the Chinese is, but it just, but you can use it when like there are too much information or too much things to do.  You're like, oh, I'm overwhelmed.  Or do you really need to know the Chinese to help you understand?  You think yes.  Mm-hmm.  Not really.  Not really.  It's more like.  But you are saying you think that.  But just like what I just said, you can use that.  For example, you think it's too much information.  It's a little bit of you.  It's all you have to overwaal.  Because you make many pressure. 那就跟 stress很像或跟哭跟 pressure就很像 但是如果譬如說像我剛剛舉了另外一個例子我說什麼 我說當你朋友跟你說一個什麼事情 你還記得嗎 你當掉了嗎還是還是我當掉 我當掉 好就是我剛剛是不是還要再舉第二個例子 我說  your friend tells you a secret  that has a lot of information 就還肯見給大家一個一個一個秘密一個八卦 然後是那種就是很進爆 然後超級多 information的這種 然後多到就是你有點 但是你那個不是壓力你知道嗎 就你只是有一點就是 震驚到有點召架主的那種感覺 我覺得召架不住是一個可能比較好的 一個對這個字的形容 因為他同時可以是壓力 他可以是壓力大 他可以是就是這種很 in shock 因為你看到這個字 你可以靠第一個字 其實你知道什麼  over or over 對不對  over就是  too much 對吧 其實各種 too much 這種情況 都可以用 over wrong 這個字 其實我我蠻常 我個人蠻常用這個字的 就是 有時候我不一定會說 我不一定會用 譬如說  I'm stressed 或是  I'm so pressured 來去形容我的 就是壓力很大這件事情 有時候我可能就是會單純覺得 天啊 就是事情多到我可能有點召架不住了 等那種感受的時候 我就是會 over wrong 這個  okay  yeah  or like 就是在取別的例子也可以 是譬如說 哇 今天就是譬如我家 喔 譬如說 假設過年好了 我家超級多人來  okay 然後就是你要接待超級多人 是這種 這種你覺得有一點  too much 的這種感受 也可以用 over  wrong  okay  alright  let's move on  so let's  um let me see  well I think I want to  ask you this question first  how was your  too  sweeping  holiday  or were you  sick  huh  okay  then continue  okay  so how  how was your  too sweeping holiday  how was  yeah  how was  how was it  like was it  good  was it  bad  or  um  nothing special  or  oh I went somewhere  I went out with my friends  I played  badminton  I  don't know  how was  how was it  you can answer  anything  just don't  answer me  yes or no  you cannot  if I ask you how  was your too sweeping  holiday  you cannot tell me  yes  without it  okay  yeah  hmm  I played  and then  I  was  badminton  and  I was  badminton  and  I was  badminton  and  I was  badminton  and  I was  badminton  and  I was  badminton  and  I was  badminton  and then  I was  badminton  and then  I was  badminton  and then  I was  badminton  and then  I was  badminton  and then  I was  badminton  and then  I was  badminton  and then  I was  badminton  and then  I was  badminton  and then  mm-hmm  and  how uh uh uh continue sorry  and  and went to the  typy one one  mm-hmm  uh  trapping  trapping  it's right  and  you want to type in one or one  yeah  uh-huh  mm-hmm  what did you do in type in one or one?  to do  we eat dinner  and  we eat or we eat  ate  we ate  we ate  we ate  what's that  we do  uh  is this around and  okay  oh okay so you can just say  japanese barbie coup  Yeah, that's that's the easiest way. Japanese barbecue. Yeah, it was, is that restaurant in Taipei 101?  Uh, nearly nearly near Taipei 101.  Yeah, and we walk in street after a lot of dinner.  Mm-hmm. Yeah.  Oh, that's old. Yeah.  And Sunday, I met in a headache.  Mm-hmm.  I had a headache on Sunday.  Because you slept for too long or, uh-huh.  And, uh, that's all my holiday.  That, that sounds fun though. That sounds fun.  But, um, I have a question. So you said you, you walked on the streets after dinner.  Yeah. What does that mean? Do you mean you, like, do you mean sample?  Oh, yeah.  Oh, okay. So, um, for, for sample, you can actually say, like, I took a walk.  So, it's, like, the phrase is take a walk.  But, because this happened in the past, right?  So, you have to say, what's the past tense for take?  Take.  Yes. How do you spell that?  T-O-K.  Yeah. So you can say, I took a walk with my friends after dinner.  Or you can say, after dinner, I took a walk with my friends.  Remember, the time is always in the very beginning or at the very end.  Okay.  Okay.  Mm-hmm.  And, um, yeah, that's, so you, you played pool and you played Batminton in Taipei.  Or did you play it in Xingzu?  Are you in Xingzu, I forgot.  I think you are, right?  And Talian.  You're in Talian.  Oh, okay.  But yeah, so, like, you, so you, so you, so you played pool and, um,  Batminton in Talian.  Yeah.  And then you went to Taipei 101, another day.  Yeah.  Mm-hmm.  Did you have a good rest on that holiday?  Okay.  You had four days off, right?  Uh.  Four days.  Four days.  Did, did you have a good rest?  No.  No.  Well, at least you had fun, right?  Did you have fun?  Mm-hmm.  F.  Mm-hmm.  How?  I mean, yet?  You mean, yes, you had?  Uh.  Uh.  Half.  Okay.  Just half.  Well, well, here, you can say, you can, um, say a little bit.  You can say a little bit, or you can say kind of.  A little bit kind of.  Yeah.  Yeah, that would be more, you could, these are, these will be more common ways to say.  Um, half.  Like, I mean, people would understand.  Like, I understand what you're saying.  Like, yeah, half of, or you have to say, like, half of it was fun.  You would have to make it more clear.  Because half, I would be like, wait, what, what, what are you talking about?  But if you say, oh, yeah, half of it was fun, then that would be more clear.  It.  Yeah.  It, the it, means.  Means the tomb sweeping holiday.  Hmm.  Okay.  Did you, did you, did you, did you hear what I said?  No, no.  Oh, okay.  I said, half of it, the it, means the tomb sweeping holiday.  Oh, okay.  Yeah.  Yeah.  I don't know if you have this question.  Like, tomb sweeping holiday is four days.  Why did I say it?  Why not them?  Do you have this question?  Yeah.  This is, this means.  This it is, means.  Trains sweeping holiday.  Mm-hmm.  Mm-hmm.  I think you're getting it.  I think you're getting it.  it, it, it, it, it, it expand holiday, not, Yeah, it's, mm hmm.  Uh, uh, uh, it means a thing not, not, not, not not the days, not the days, not, not the day.  I think I know what I think I think I know what you mean. Do you want to explain it in Chinese?  To make sure that you understand. Can you explain it to me in Chinese?  Yes. This is the story. It is the destiny. So it is the only thing that is in the world.  Yes.  It's about...  I was thinking about the story over this,  I think it's not about being a female,  but a female woman's personality.  So I took it as a whole  it's not just easy,  it's like, oh, it's just a piece of heaven.  So I took it as a whole.  And then I....  I'll explain.  But, I think I had a personal opinion,  but I was not able to explain the story at this point.  I was trying to  It's a little bit more complete, just to make you really angry.  You know what I'm talking to you, it's actually the same thing as mine.  Don't worry, you don't have to prove to me that I actually really understand.  It's okay, you know what you're talking to me, it's the same thing.  I'm just, because my responsibility is still to make you like 100% get down.  So I'm going to be a little bit more self-reliant.  Yeah, I can't say that.  It's okay.  But I think you're actually very clear in English.  It's just that I'm trying to make you like me, so I guess you're probably using Chinese in terms of terms.  Actually, this is not the only thing I'm going to learn from you.  It's the point here.  I'm a little bit more focused on whether or not you understand this.  I'm not focusing on saying, oh, you, you, you, you, can you be very clear about this?  Okay, I...  I don't know the point, I don't know.  It's just that I think of the whole thing as high as possible.  All right, so next, let's, wait, let's do a little review about what we learned last time.  Okay, so what were you doing today?  How would you answer?  Oh wait, what were you doing today?  I was.  Ah.  I was.  Mm-hmm.  Um.  I.  Pick up, pick up.  My sister.  Mm-hmm.  Wait, so do you live in Xingzhu or Tao Yuan?  Unleaved Tao Yuan.  You live in Tao Yuan, but you have to pick up your sister from Xingzhu.  Yeah.  Because.  Uh.  Sinshu as such is closely.  Uh-huh, it's close to my home.  Okay, Xingzhu as such is closer to your home in Tao Yuan.  Cool, okay.  I didn't, I didn't know that.  Okay.  But.  So this, this answer is half right.  Okay, why is it half right?  Because I asked what were you doing?  And I, and I put a was here.  So you would have to say I was.  Pick up.  Yes, I was picking up.  My sister today.  Okay.  Because I was, because I, I used doing.  I said, what were you doing?  What were you doing today?  So I was hoping that you answer and.  Past progressive past.  I N G.  Okay.  Yes, I was picking up.  I sister today.  Okay.  Any questions?  Okay.  All right, then.  So let's talk a little bit about your homework.  So I think everything was really good.  But just a few things that I want to.  I want to discuss with you.  Okay.  So.  Let's talk about number one.  So worship.  Ancestors.  So here.  It would be better or more common.  To use pray to or pay respect to.  It's not wrong.  It's not wrong.  To use worship.  It's not wrong.  Okay.  But worship worship is more.  Like.  Let me explain in Chinese.  It's more like it's home by.  Oh.  Yeah.  So it's more.  It's too like it's too holy.  Do you know how to be.  Um.  Like.  This is kind of how you didn't tie.  It's a bit too much.  Like if we say worship.  Because worship is almost like we're worshiping a god.  But like here, we're not really worshiping our ancestors.  We're just, you know, talking to them.  We're just trying to remember our ancestors, right.  So the better word would be to say pray to or pay respect to.  But let me also tell you the difference between pray to and pay respect to.  So let's take a look at number one first.  Pray to.  So when we're.  When we're taking incense, do you know the incense.  Did we talk about this before incense.  The sticks that we take.  When we are praying to them.  These are called incense.  Okay.  So anyway, so like we're when we're praying to them,  when we're taking the incense and talking to them.  We're like, um, please.  Please keep me healthy.  Please let my job be very stable and very good.  Please let me make a lot of money.  Right.  You're trying to talk to them and ask them to give you something.  Right.  Like.  In that.  In that case, we will say pray to.  Because you're actually talking to them and like asking for something.  But when we're talking about pay respect to.  It's more like, okay, saying that we miss you.  And we hope everything is well there.  Okay.  We hope that every.  Like we're talking to our ancestors like, oh, maybe like, I don't know.  Okay.  I don't know why.  I don't know why you would say.  Okay.  Can you tell the difference.  Is it okay?  I don't know why you pay respect.  Because, so, when we're rich, so, because they are, they are usually are,  are, like, there are people who, people who died are usually older than us.  They're, like, elder. There may be our grandmothers, grandparents, or great grandparents.  Okay. So, like, we, we need to, like, sort of, like, show respect to them.  Right. And so, here, like, when we're, you know, saying, oh, we miss you, we hope everything is  good with you. Like, it's kind of, like, showing that we are respecting them, even though they're not  here anymore, even though they're not in this world. It's kind of a way of, like, showing respect to  them. So, it's, like, paying our respect. Because we really spent the time to go there,  go to their grave and say, okay, we miss you. We hope everything is good with you.  And we wish that you were here with us, something like that. You know what I mean?  Yeah, that's why we use the word respect.  Okay.  Okay. Are you sure? I can, I can, um, I can shortly explain in Chinese too.  Do you need that?  Um, everything okay.  Okay.  Like, do you need me to, like, shortly explain in Chinese?  No.  No. Okay. Great. All right. Then let's take a look at the second one. Okay. So, let's read this word  together. Sanitary. Sanitary.  Yeah. Do you know what is a cemetery?  Yeah.  Okay. Can you tell me what is a cemetery?  Uh, movie.  Um, is there only one grave there or many graves?  Many. Many. Yes. So, cemetery is the place where there are many  many graves, many dead people are there. Right.  That's what you mean, right? Okay. But because in your homework,  it sounded like you confused, tuned, and grave, and cemetery.  It sounded like it. So, that's why I asked you, like, if just to make sure that you know what a cemetery  means. Okay. Yeah. But anyways, so you know, and that's fine. But usually we will say,  like, we go to sweeping or we go to someone's grave to, to, like, pray to them or to pay respect to  them. Okay. Okay. All right. Any questions here?  Yeah.  Uh, yeah. S or no.  Canrando好,我就像我剛剛講的充敗. 他比较便食充敗. 就是我們沒有真的,這其實就是, 我覺得以就是拜祖先件事情來講好了, 我們都是在即拜,不是在衝敗,  从败比较像是可能就是  你的某个信仰好了  你有传扯败这个神  那可能才会用伙传这个字  但PrayTube比较像是Ochoney保佑我  的概念  因为我像我刚刚的例子  说PrayTube是用在  就是我说I'm asking for something  就是I hope you can help me  have a good job  keep me healthy  那我很健康  实在保佑我健康  这样 PrayTube是这样 PrayTube跟伙传比较不一样  然后Pray  我忘记上次  没比较  反正就是 Pray可能一般来说  你会觉得这个  进入较比较的关系  是岛岛  对不对  但是就是  在  因为这个  这些就是都是  翻译的  因为就是  他们  白白的这个  洗漱  所以他们只是找了一个  就是  他们可能有了解到我们  我们在白白再多  再讲些什么  OK  他们知道之后  但其实跟我们在  跟他们在岛岛  其实是很像的  那所以他们就也  把Pray这个字  去用在我们这边  但是在  以中文来讲的话  就是PrayTube  会比较像是Ochoney  保佑我怎么样  等那种  那种白白  OK  OK  OK  Any more questions?  No  All right then  OK, so today  Let's talk a little bit about  Easter  Although Easter was last week  Right  But  Yeah, so  What season  Is Easter  Celebrated in  Season  What is season  Mm-hmm  So how many seasons are there?  Only  4  4 seasons, so what are the 4 seasons?  What are the 4 seasons?  It's OK  OK, let me  Let me review with you  OK, so  It's spring, summer, fall, and winter  And for fall  You can also say  OK  OK  OK  All right, so now you can answer my question  What season  Is Easter celebrated in  It's celebrate a  Spring  Yes, very good  And remember to say  Celebrated  OK  Celebrated  OK  And number two  What do you know about Easter?  What do people do?  Is  About  God  Or maybe you don't know  Do you know what Easter is about?  I know  You don't know  You know  Or you don't know  I have research  OK, you researched  Yes  So what is it about?  About  About God  Mm-hmm  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  So it's about  Yeah, it's about Jesus coming back to life  Right  Right  So Jesus is Jesus  OK, and then the burden  Because the burden  That is accurate  A lot of English is a little too difficult  So we use a little bit of簡單ness  Just  Just to bring it to life  Just to bring it to life  Just to come back  The life  Come back to life  Or to come back from the dead  Those  Those are the burden  OK  And then  Because the exact word that is called resurrect  It's a little bit too difficult  So we can't really learn this  We can learn this word  It's a little bit easier  OK  All right, then  We only have a little time left  But let's  Take a look at a short article  But before that, let's do some very easy  Vocabulary  Matching  So what's number one  Church  Church  That's one, that's reads one more order  Church  Church  Very good, very good  OK, number two, what is number two?  Is two eggs  Yes, but do you see Easter eggs in the choices?  And  Basket  Yes, it's a basket  It's an Easter egg basket  OK, number three, what is number three?  Land  Land, very good  And number four is  Hand  Yeah, hand  And the last one is, can you read it?  Cheek  Yeah, it's a chick, exactly  Do you know  This is the name of a baby chicken  No  OK, so many animals  When they are babies, they have a different name  OK, so for example for chickens  Baby chickens are called chicks  And baby sheep is called land  And for example, a baby pig is called a piglet  Yeah, so there are different piglet  P-I-G-L-E-T piglet  Many different animals, they actually have  For example, the most common one is dog  The baby dog is called a puppy  Right?  Have you ever heard of puppy and cat, kitten  So these are  So these are just the baby names for these animals  OK  All right, and let's try another one  So this is very easy for you  Number one is  Eggs  Yeah, egg  And number two, what is number two?  You're looking for candy, right?  Oh, yeah  Which one is it?  Honey  This is hunt  No  No, it's not hunt, what is it?  Trade  Yes, treat  Treat  Yeah, treat  Remember in Halloween, we will say, trick or treat  Halloween, we say, bouquetang, jeotang  So, trick is dog, and treat is the tongue  OK, trick or treat  OK, and number three, what is number three?  Hunt  I think you said this in your homework  OK, you said they tie their eggs and they hunt  OK, so hunt means they're looking for something  That's hidden  OK  And number four is  Bunny  Yeah, bunny  So, bunny is the baby name for a rabbit  OK  And the last one is  Very good  OK, so we were going to read this short article today  But we don't have time, but that's OK  I will send you this  And this will be your homework  OK  So, you have to read it  And I will ask you some questions  In our next class  OK  OK  And I will also send you the listening  And you can practice reading it  This is your first homework  OK  And your second homework is this  My exercise habits  I know you talked about your favorites like hobby  But here I also want you to talk a little bit about my exercise habits  Because next time we're going to talk about something about going to the gym  All right  OK  OK, any questions?  Baby  Uh-huh  It's actually just three questions  How often do you go to the gym or how often do you exercise?  Number two, what kind of exercise do you like?  Number three, why is exercise important for you?  I need the code  You don't have to record this one  You can tell me this one in class  OK  But you can record this one  Listen and practice and record it to me  OK  OK  And you also have to understand  You have to try to understand what this is about  I will send you this  OK  This is the vocabulary list  But to celebrate me  It means to do something special  OK, pray to speak to God  Spend time with to give your time  So you can try to understand it using English  OK  OK  Try to not translate it immediately  Try to look at the English meaning first  I try to make it easy English  So  OK  Yeah, try, just try  But if you really don't understand, you can look it up  All right  OK  OK  All right then  It's no questions  I hope you feel better  Thank you  Thank you